you
[Music]
following a decades flames king vineyard
air lance cumson on the primetime soap
welcome crest Lorenzo Lamas landed the
rule that would cement him as the face
of 1990s indicators action beefcake
Brennan reigns the Compton fugitive
bounty hunter in renegade hearing from
1992 to 1997 the contemporary Western
was an amiable axe assassin two-fisted
melodrama with reins prowling the
Badlands of the west coast under the
employ of bondsman Bobby six killer
Branson Richmond and the vision captured
by crooked marshal Donald Dutch Dixon
Steven J Connell who also created the
series celebration of the new year is
coming to an end and I won't offer you a
great way to extend the fun represent to
our today's partners and Friends raid
shadow legends this gorgeous dark
fantasy RPG has long exploded trends of
mobile ivory J's and finally it was
released for PC and Mac great graphics
memorable gameplay loads of interesting
content epic PvE and PvP battles boss
raids clans dungeons and also a lot of
fun with your friends each time you
enter the game you'll find something new
and intriguing for yourself graphics is
so wonderful in detail that it is simply
impossible to tear yourself away from
the game the most important thing in
order to play red shadow legends you do
not need a powerful and expensive
computer gigabytes of free space game is
very well optimized and works very
smoothly on almost any computer it is
available for free by the link in the
description downloading and installing
takes only a few minutes download it
right now and join the huge community
more than 50 million people already
playing and enjoying raid shadow legends
and they are all waiting just for you by
downloading the game from the link in
the description you will receive 50,000
free silver and an epic champion as a
promise raid shadow legends ultimate RPG
for your joy well never a critical
success renegade enjoyed a 110 episodes
run you watching another episode of how
they changed let's check out some
details in casting on how Bon Jovi
helped sell it as indicators and how
Reynes trademark dastardly's on renegade
is the story of San Diego police officer
rain rains winter rains an ex-army
Ranger was called to Bay City California
by his good friend district Tony
Harry wells he hired Renner to work
undercover exposing corrupt police
officers in a meeting with Harry wells
and Basie two police lieutenant Doyle -
Dickson Brin explains he has enough
evidence to press charges of murder and
robbery Kings Dickson's partner Barbara
not wanting to be implicated in any
crimes Berlin Dixon Break convicted
murderer Hogg Adams were prison to kill
rains later that night Hogg busts in
Terrenas hotel room aiming for Rena
but shooting his friend Sarah Valerie
Prentiss instead Hogg flees the hotel
and Beryl is seen rushing in to make
sure Rana is dead Dixon arrives moments
afterward and kills Burrell with rayna's
weapon print for the murder of office
world Rena reigns goes on the run
Dixon sends professional bounty hunter
Bobby sex killer a former Marine after
him but rain instead says his life it
gains his trust
Bobby realizes that some things were not
right at Dixon brennidon works as a
bounty hunter alongside sex killer and
his sister Cheyenne
in command while searching for hogs
brother found Adams the one person who
can clear his name and bring down Dixon
a witness who fearing for his own life
will only come forward if renault clio
sticks something which is unwilling to
do
[Music]
Bonjour he helped sell the show a
prolific writer Steven J Cano the 18 the
Rockford Files wiseguy hatched the
concept for renegade capitalize on the
burgeoning market for syndicated series
in first-run syndication original shows
are sold directly to local stations as
opposed to networks in order to
summarize the show
Cannell hi director Rob Honoka to cut a
montage set to Bon Jovi's wanted dead or
alive and showed it to PI's during a
television convention although it didn't
feature any scenes that wound up in the
series their clamor swinging from a rope
while firing a machine gun the package
was impressive enough to secure buyers
the sequence was eventually used for the
opening titles - Bon Jovi track and with
a voice-over narration he was a cop and
good at his job but he committed the
ultimate seen and testified against
other cops combat a movie trailer
veteran Don LaFontaine
Steven J Connell wasn't happy with the
first season labeled the fugitive on
Harleys by critics the debut season and
renegade struggled to find its bearings
Richard Kimble rings often found himself
as the mysterious drifter who intervenes
in a small-town problem but the larger
issue been framed for the murder of his
fiance by crooked cop Dixon was
minimized the characters need to be more
human Lamas told The Washington Post in
Brenna would just show up to where he
needed to be but how did he get there
why doesn't he leave the country why
does he hang around and wait to be
kicked out by a cop who sees his pasta
the bike was treated like a co-star with
its flame panel sighs rinse Holly was a
perpetual presence in the series number
of stunt bikes who used but there was
also shiny model kept away from any dirt
caked scene so it could be shown off
that bike was for the glamour Schwartz
according to amis the show was
reportedly popular man Harley
aficionados who may have been pleased to
hear that channels original title was
Vincent black prenez alloys as well was
a player his back model black Vincent
the show convinced Lorenzo Lamas to get
his pilot's license while most of the
show's shooting said that about 25 miles
outside San Diego Lamas was facing
logistical problems and seeing his
children who lived with their mother in
Lake Havasu Arizona and would have to
miss a school day traveling in order to
see him the expedite the tree plumbers
decided to get his pilot's license so he
could fly to Lake Havasu pick them up
and help them weekend with them he now
operates commercial helicopter trips of
a New York City
cannot play the bad guy it is unusual
for series creator to play one of the
leading roles in the show but can also
renegade is an opportunity to choose see
Maria star Dixon the lieutenant Jarrett
arenas dr. Richard Kimble
cannon made a handful of appearances at
season in numerous failed attempts to
kill rains the writer later recalled
that 10 to 15 actors had auditioned for
the role before lemma suggested cannot
play the role himself Lamas had his wife
hired and fired married for a third time
to actress Kathleen Kinmont in 1989
Lamas wrote in his 2015 autobiography
renegade at heart that he feared that
being on location in San Diego welcome
and remained in Burbank would be
detrimental to their marriage can you
agree to cus command as Cheyenne
Phillips Baba sister who perpetually
pines for rains the couple divorced
off-screen in 1993
according to Lamas the presence of his
new girlfriend model and actress Jonas
and with his working relationship with
Kim and contentious after hearing her
make some disparaging remarks about sand
on the horrid Stern Show the most
petitioned kennel to have Kingman
removed from the series he complied and
Shannon disappeared from the new Johnny
Cash guest-starred the famed country
singer made sporadic appearances on
television in the 1990s including a
recurring role on dr. Quinn Medicine
Woman for in 1996 episode of renegade
has appeared as a bail jumper who
accompanies Rayna on a Christmas carol
inspired to of how the world would be if
he had been gunned down instead of
becoming a fugitive Apollo Creed
directed an episode actor Carl Weathers
wound up behind the camera for some of
channels Charles directing multiple
episode of the USA detective drama silk
Stalkings and one of 1995 episode of
renegade
where Raines gives on the cover as a
male gigolo to pass the drug ring there
was a hidden visual in the opening
credits generally not sure that favorite
subtlety renegade still managed to pull
off one
loke nor to one of its inspirations
during the opening credits sequence
rains can be seen barking down the steep
path takes the shape of a said that was
director hammock as not to sorrow the
park character who comes in the aid of
strangers Lamas endured a pretty bad
week in the final season for four
seasons Lamas maintained drainers
outlaw-biker
aesthetic by frequently appearing
shirtless tattooed and wearing
sleeveless leather festive dinner
engagements prior to shooting the show's
last season Lamas opted for a shorter
haircut that concession to conformity
was out of character so producers fitted
him with a somewhat unfortunate looking
need the actor later referred to it as a
roadkill on Twitter the dust outlived
the show with a Badlands of California
being excessively dirt and crusted when
rains kept comfortable by wearing a
large duster a full length code favored
by horsemen throughout the Shire a
similar Javid has been spotted
periodically throughout have access
long-running comedy series It's Always
Sunny in Philadelphia the character of
Mac Rob McElhenney favors the attire
because as he once explained I look like
Lorenzo Lamas and women find it
irresistible and that's all for now
don't forget to leave a like subscribe
and share this video
take care friends